ros2_workspace/src/advanced_task/advanced_task/README.md, before:

# advanced_task

## Overview

This is a simple ROS 2 package that demonstrates a Talker/Listener setup.

The **publisher node** reads your laptop's CPU load (using `psutil`) at a sampling rate (R1) and publishes it to the `/myHWtopic` at a publish rate (R2).  
The **subscriber node** listens on `/myHWtopic` and prints every message it receives to the console.

---

## Package Contents

- **hardware_data_pub**: Publisher node
- **hardware_data_sub**: Subscriber node

---

## Parameters

### Publisher node
| Name               | Default    | Description                                  |
| ------------------ | ---------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| `publisher_topic`  | myHWtopic  | Topic to publish CPU load to                 |
| `sampling_rate`    | 1.0        | Rate in Hz to read CPU load (R1)             |
| `publish_rate`     | 0.5        | Rate in Hz to publish data on ROS topic (R2) |

### Subscriber node
| Name                | Default    | Description                               |
| ------------------- | ---------- | ----------------------------------------- |
| `subscriber_topic`  | myHWtopic  | Topic to subscribe and print data         |

---

## How to Build

Navigate to your workspace root:

```bash
colcon build
source install/setup.bash
```

---

## How to Run

Open **two separate terminals**:

###  Terminal 1 - Run the Publisher Node

This node samples your CPU load at `sampling_rate` (R1) and publishes to `/myHWtopic` at `publish_rate` (R2):

```bash
ros2 run basic_task hardware_data_pub
```

You can also override parameters using:

```bash
ros2 run basic_task hardware_data_pub --ros-args -p sampling_rate:=2.0 -p publish_rate:=1.0
```

Example output:

```bash
[INFO] [hardware_data_pub_node]: Published: 'CPU Load: 18.7%'
```

###  Terminal 2 - Run the Subscriber Node
**NOTE: In the second terminal you should also run**

```bash
source install/setup.bash
```

This node listens on /myHWtopic and prints received messages to stdout:

```bash
ros2 run basic_task hardware_data_sub
```

Example output:

```bash
[INFO] [hardware_data_sub_node]: Received: 'CPU Load: 18.7%'
```


[watch the video]

Commit message:

Added LLM integration to setup.py and updated README.md

ros2_workspace/src/advanced_task/advanced_task/README.md, after:

# advanced_task

## Overview

This is a simple ROS 2 package that demonstrates a Talker/Listener setup.

The **publisher node** reads your laptop's CPU load (using `psutil`) at a sampling rate (R1) and publishes it to the `/myHWtopic` at a publish rate (R2).  
The **subscriber node** listens on `/myHWtopic` and prints every message it receives to the console.

---

## Package Contents

- **rgb_publisher**:   Publisher node for RGB image
- **llm_integration**: Publisher node for RGB image with LLM integration

---

## Parameters

### rgb_publisher - Publisher node
| Name               | Default            | Description                             |
| ------------------ | ------------------ | --------------------------------------- |
| `publisher_topic`  | /camera/image_raw  | Topic to publish RGB image              |
| `camera_index`     | 0                  | The index of the camera                 |
| `publish_rate`     | 10                 | Rate in Hz to publish data on ROS topic |

### llm_integration - Publisher node
| Name                       | Default                | Description                                     |
| -------------------------- | ---------------------- | ----------------------------------------------- |
| `publisher_raw_topic`      | /camera/image_raw      | Topic to publish RGB image                      |
| `publisher_detected_topic` | /camera/image_detected | Topic to publish RGB image with LLM integration |
| 'camera_index'             | 0                      | The index of the camera.                        |
| `publish_rate`             | 10                     | Rate in Hz to publish data on ROS topic         |
| 'target_class'             | person                 | The Class to detect                             |



---

## How to Build

Navigate to your workspace root:

```bash
colcon build
source install/setup.bash
```

---

## How to Run

Open **two separate terminals**:

###  Terminal 1 - Run the Publisher Node

This node samples your CPU load at `sampling_rate` (R1) and publishes to `/myHWtopic` at `publish_rate` (R2):

```bash
ros2 run basic_task hardware_data_pub
```

You can also override parameters using:

```bash
ros2 run basic_task hardware_data_pub --ros-args -p sampling_rate:=2.0 -p publish_rate:=1.0
```

Example output:

```bash
[INFO] [hardware_data_pub_node]: Published: 'CPU Load: 18.7%'
```

###  Terminal 2 - Run the Subscriber Node
**NOTE: In the second terminal you should also run**

```bash
source install/setup.bash
```

This node listens on /myHWtopic and prints received messages to stdout:

```bash
ros2 run basic_task hardware_data_sub
```

Example output:

```bash
[INFO] [hardware_data_sub_node]: Received: 'CPU Load: 18.7%'
```
